congressman Doug Collins of Georgia he
was the ranking member but now since
he's running for the United States
Senate but he is joining us this morning
and I we're thrilled to have him here
and congressman I want to tell you the
government is asking postal workers to
go to work and they're managing to do it
but Nancy Pelosi doesn't seem to want
Congress to go back to work what's up
with that Jason you know this she likes
being in control as long as she can keep
us out of there it's just leadership
that makes decisions we've seen this
before and when she can centralize the
leadership then she centralizes the
focus on her instead of the American
people instead of the agenda speaker
speaker Pelosi has made this a more of
about her and her agenda that she has
what the president has done president
has been leading the president leading
from out front him and the vice
president they've been doing what needs
to be done we need to start coming back
in but yet speaker Pelosi seems to want
to hold those breaks because she likes
to hold the control that's what it seems
like to us because there's no reason the
house should not be beginning to come
back in we can make the arrangements we
can do what we need to do but I believe
this is about control we've seen it from
Speaker Pelosi through sham impeachment
through Muller through everything she
likes to have control and that's what
this is all about
yeah congressman the president giving
her every opportunity but here's a a
joint statement raised an eyebrow for me
from Nancy Pelosi and Mitch McConnell
saying Congress is grateful for the
administration's generous offer to
deploy rapid Cova 19 testing
capabilities to Capitol Hill but we
respectfully decline the offer at this
time our country's testing capacities
are continuing to scale up nationwide
and Congress wants to keep directing
resources to the frontline facilities
where they can do the most good most
quickly with the president tweeted in
response to that saying no reason to
turn it down except politics we have
plenty of testing maybe you need a new
doctor over there crazy Nancy will use
it as an excuse not to show up to work
I'm not quite sure why Mitch McConnell
signed on to that joint statement since
he's opening up the Senate but it is
there any conceivable reason I mean you
said control and that's and that's right
but the nation's business is is is
supposed to be happening here and she's
AWOL
well it is I mean you know look we can
make all the jokes you may like her ice
cream in San Francisco I mean she lie
about staying home flying back and forth
but again it's about control and I
this is the concern for most of I've
been working 24/7 it seems like for the
last little bit on the response here in
Georgia I've been having to do it from
my home I've been going out to our
office we've been doing the things that
need to be safe but it's also time for
us to get back and start looking ahead
and when we start looking at not only
the response that we've had let's make
sure that we can have our committee
hearings to make sure the proper aid is
going where it needs to be going we've
had people who've not been getting aid
why is that true let's make sure that
we're doing what we should do in
Congress but then we've also frankly
we've got to look forward our country is
reopening
we've got National Defense Authorization
Act we got appropriations bills it's
time for us to get back and show
leadership leadership leads from the
front not from the back Nancy Pelosi
needs to bring the house back in or at
least have a plan to do so right now we
don't even have a plan to come back in
let's talk about some of these states
that are going to be reopening easing
restrictions I should say tomorrow you
can take a look at the map here eleven
states and in Georgia
you know Georgia has been the topic of a
lot of conversation the last week some
businesses have chosen to open others
have not here's a quote from a Georgia
restaurant owners group and this reads
quote restaurant operators understand
the serious challenge ahead of our
industry and our enormous responsibility
to manage this crisis thoughtfully we
agreed that it's in the best interests
of our employees our guests our
community and our industry to keep our
dining rooms closed at this time
recognizing that each operator faces
incredibly difficult decisions on the
path ahead we affirm the fact that
public safety is the top priority as we
navigate the challenge you know sir at
least they have the choice to be able to
reopen you know if they want but some
people are choosing not to and that's
their decision but other states they
don't have the choice right now that's
right it's time I mean the president has
made it very clear it's time to move our
country toward reopening and we and he's
put out the guidelines that are there we
don't need to get ahead of the
guidelines we need to follow what the
task force has said but as we do so like
here in Georgia things are beginning to
open back up those that won't open back
have that ability to open back up we've
got to understand that this virus did
not affect every state the same way and
not even inside the state the same way
and there's got to be flexibility for
those places that were not hit as heavy
that they can open back up to not just
blanketly do something it's like
punishing the whole class when only one
person was doing something wrong we
can't just make blanket assessments
that's why local involvement
and that's why we're seeing businesses
be able to make that choice it's time we
start looking at the health benefits but
also the economic crisis that we're in
as well and make sure we move forward so
that people have choices and they can
make those choices that's it's always
been much better than government having
to make those choices for yeah
congressman I think you're absolutely
right if a business chooses not to open
that's their their right as well but in
this little time we have left I want to
get your take on this General Flint
situation you know there's this deep
concern you and I personally have both
been involved in this about the upper
echelon of the FBI I worry that it has
not been cleaned up but the revelation
of these new documents and these new
notes about the intent and the planning
the ambush if you will that happened
with general general Flynn there in the
White House what's your take on that and
where do you see that going next Jase
I'm glad you brought that up because you
and I and many others have been looking
at this we know that this was going on
we could tell it we consents to the
documents we knew that if we could just
continue to find out we would see that
the corrupt cabal that was over there of
Comey and page and struck and McCabe
we're moving toward this and Jim Comey
who you know this whole process is
brought out the fact that he used and he
said it use the the first weeks of the
administration to attack basically this
presidency had already been doing it
through the candidacy just shows that
the S on his chest that he wants to say
is Superman is simply shame I'll also
remind your viewers this is important if
they can do this too gentle plea and
they can do it to anybody but remember
McCabe mr. Andrew McKay was one that
actually approved this was went along
with it he lied to his own colleagues
was not charged he was fired but he was
never charged but yet they charged the
general plan with lying not the rush
inclusion this is nothing been more than
an attack on a candidate and then in a
sitting president that's why this has to
be investigated has to stop well it
there is an investigation ongoing the
president referred to it yesterday in a
tweet he said the Russia hoax is the
biggest political scandal in American
history treason let's see how this ends
question mark so you've got bill Barr
you've got Durham out there doing this
investigation what's sensed in and it
reports are they've been in
communication very regularly where does
this end well bill Barr said a great
standard on investigating what happened
here in the corruption outlook he also
appointed another
US Attorney Jantzen to actually look
into this Flynn case and I think that's
why you're seeing movement now but when
you see notes come in that where they
actively were targeting general Flynn
they were actively subverting what
should happen in the rules and protocols
that they should have
I think Durham is building a case I
think Durham has got access to
everything that he needs and it's also
why I believe you see a lot of the what
I'll call the cabal scurrying around
because they're scared of what's going
on I think we're gonna see
accountability that's what we've all
wanted from day one and it's time to do
that you could never attack you should
never be able to attack a candidate for
president just because you don't like
him to have insurance policies or
whatever else you want you to can't
attack them and use the FISA Court and
use the other methods that your
availability because like I said if they
can do it to a candidate and a president
they can do it to you and me well and I
think it's hard for a lot of people in
the public who watch and you know they
look at the headlines and they see all
the back-and-forth and for a lot of
people who then might lose faith in you
know our officials that now more than
ever it's important that we have that oh
very much so
look we all serve in a public trust and
it's being out there and making sure
that we're accountable to people and you
can't be in a position that Department
of Justice the Obama Department of
Justice had become a political Haven at
the top especially we saw that
interacted with the Clinton email
situation then we saw it with the
Russian investigation and then we saw it
just bump them and just manifold itself
into what we knew is Muller and then
into the impeachment so it's just this
has just been something that's going on
and people don't need to forget it
because the tendency in Washington is
that bureaucrats want you to forget it
and this corrupt cabal would love for
you to forget it they very much want you
to forget it really quick representative
we only have a moment left and you're
running for the US Senate there in
Georgia give us a quick update on that
race so far it's been great the people
have responded well they know me they've
watched me they know that I'll fight for
this president they know that I fought
for this country and the conservative
values are what matters to Georgia it's
been great we're leading in the polls by
a large margin but we're not gonna stop
we're looking forward to being in the
Senate next year and carrying this fight
continuing within with presidents for
more years absolutely representative
thank you so much for your time this
morning we really appreciate it thank
you great to be with y'all take care
great to have you